hey everybody so it is imma see it's
Tuesday night it is nine o'clock in his
vacation week so it's been a crazy long
week but I have been getting a ton of
question since when I first posted about
three weeks ago about using Cindy
Crawford's meaningful beauty in really
using her beauty system her anti-aging
beauty system on my skin now when I did
that video I was pretty honest I mean I
said you know anti-aging at least creams
and really a beauty system isn't
something that is on the top of my list
yet I'm 33 years old I absolutely
positively want to do everything I can
to maintain you know a young face and in
a fit and healthy body but to be honest
with you I mean I have to I I think when
I think anti-aging beauty systems I
think of women where my mother's age you
know my mom is is almost 60 I don't
think women in their 30s and you know
what I I admit I was wrong and thinking
that because I the one thing that I have
realized over the last three weeks of
using Cindy Crawford's meaningful Beauty
is that I can tell there's a difference
in my skin and I can tell that there's a
difference in really the the texture or
the process and really the way it's
feeling and looking you know I want to
say that I feel like my face is glowing
but I will say this I definitely feel
like it looks and feels better than it
ever has because in all honesty is the
first time I have ever really stuck to
using a system religiously and just to
really see how the results are gonna pan
out so in my last video I did my my
morning routine I did my day routine and
it is again a sign o'clock at night and
I'm going to show you my night routine
so I still have to make a bond
throughout the day just a little bit but
you know as I showed you in my first
video I have been keeping this because
it is waterproof again I think that's
genius right next to my sink so I know
exactly what I need to do every single
morning every single night I have I have
this routine down now but you know I
think it is a great thing to always have
this on hand just in case
you don't have it down so first why my
bedtime routine I have never been one I
can't believe I admit this because I
love to blog about fashion and beauty I
have never been one to wash my face at
night I go to bed with makeup on my eyes
and my cheeks foundation everything I've
never been one
to do that I did that actually when I
what I didn't have children I would wash
my face every single night get facials
when I had children
all of a sudden Bend time became I run
up the stairs and I crash on my bed I
think every mom can relate but that
being said i have been using Cindy's
nighttime routine so I'm going to bring
you through it very quickly this is a
video and I'm gonna I'm not even gonna
edit it I'm gonna go as fast as I
possibly can so first what I do
let me get Mike my cleanse right here
this is my skin softening cleanser let
me show you this and this is what I've
been washing my face with every single
night it's very light it doesn't you
know it doesn't sting your face and a
lot of people basking while the sting
can you feel it on it's very lightweight
I actually love how it feels and really
what I do I just put a small amount
right on my hands and I massage it in so
I have my water over here going I don't
want to have it too cold cuz you're
freezing out okay so I'm être I'm gonna
run you through my beauty routine so I
just wet my face this hell is stripping
I'm gonna just massage just a small
amount right on my face let me show you
I have just like a small amount right at
my fingertips and I'm just going to you
can put this on your dry face - I
personally like doing it on a wet face
because I kind of feel like I'm actually
like washing it so okay so I'm esashi it
in and I do it in circular motions as
you can see the one thing - it doesn't
fall off and at first I was kind of oh
goodness I hope it's washing but it does
okay and then I'm going to just do a
quick quick quick rinse rinsing I'm
rinsing one more time okay so my face is
washed and when you grab my towel and
I'm going to dry my faith okay really
quickly and then one thing and this is
just a bonus item you don't have to do
this at all every night actually it only
recommends doing it once or twice a week
I'm gonna take my glycolic treatment
pads they're right here and they come in
a little box take it right out and you
use right on your clean skin I'm gonna
pull it right onto the package open it
on up and again you only use this once
or twice a week and it really wouldn't
your just wiping away
old skin right on my face this leaves a
little bit about no I don't want to say
stinging but you can feel it it's
definitely um working just get it right
off and that's it very quick very fast
some dead skin maybe on that and then my
favorite part everybody has been asking
me what is your favorite product in the
system I am addicted addicted addicted
to the cream serum I love this stuff see
look at how pretty the package is to let
me go it this way and what this does it
actually protects and restores so I'm
going to put it right on my fingers you
squeeze it right on and you put this
right on your skin when are your dry
skin and if you want to you can actually
double it with the nighttime anti-aging
cream but aren't I have just been using
the serum and then the last step in the
beauty system when I do at night that's
right quick it out again I only use the
glycolic pads literally twice a week so
the the whole system goes to my wash my
face really quickly with the the
cleanser and then I go right to the
serum and then the last thing
let me grab it to lift into firm I take
my lifting eye cream and put the cap
down here the thing I cream and I just
put a little bit on my hands put it
right on just Pat a small amount onto
the skin around my eyes that's how much
I put on and I usually just dab it on
both hands and I just dab right here and
then I feel like my skin is all too
clean and just perfect to head to bed
and that is this beauty system now it is
six minutes and 20 seconds right now
that in this video I talked for the
first like what two minutes so that is
how quickly at night I really just do my
beauty system I'm in I'm out and my skin
feels fantastic so if you are looking
for a beauty system again I just wanted
to do a follow up and let you know that
I haven't keeping up with it I
absolutely love it I'm very happy very
satisfied with it I've been dying to
keep really just a beauty system going
in the morning and
Knight and I have been you know very
satisfied with it extremely I see
results
I feel results and I do feel like my
skin it's softer
I don't want to say it's tighter when I
put the serum on but my skin just feels
different
good different so I'm gonna keep this up
and again I just wanted to show my
nighttime routine I'm not going to bed
yet but that being said now I can go
relax now fall asleep on the couch it's
okay